Add test cases for GetCommand to cover invalid args scenarios (#1940)
opentofu/opentofu: CHANGELOG.md

* Improved performance for large graphs when debug logs are not enabled. ([#1810](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1810))
* Improved performance for large graphs with many submodules. ([#1809](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1809))
* Added mutli-line support to the `tofu console` command. ([#1307](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/1307))

> * Improve error handling for the Get command cover invalid args scenarios ([#1941](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/1941))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved error handling for the Get command to cover invalid args scenarios ([#1941](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/1941))
```

Reviewer: Also, maybe one for @cam72cam I'm not sure if this is needed in the CHANGELOG or not. as it's just a test.

WDYT?

Reviewer 2: I usually don't include this stuff in the changelog explicitly, but don't have a problem with entries like this.

Author: @cam72cam , @Yantrio thank you for your time and the review. Indeed it is a trivial change for a changelog entry. I have reverted the changelog entry and pushed the changes .  If you could please review it it would be great.
